{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green30\blue46;\red0\green0\blue138;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green248\blue174;\red241\green241\blue241;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf1 \cb2 Successful Login For: shenuja\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 Please continue and fill out the form. Answers to this form will be saved in account shenuja.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\fs48 \cf1 \cb2 Imagine K12 Application\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 Tell us about the founders
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Founders names separated by commas.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 Subhash Gopalakrishnan, Shenuja Subhash
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Email addresses separated by commas.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 subhashgo@gmail.com, shenuja@gmail.com
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Please enter the URL of a 1 minute video introducing the founders ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://imagineK12.com/video.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Instructions}}).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Names of all founders who will live in the Bay Area June thru September 2011 if we select you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 Subhash, Shenuja
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \cb5 * For each founder, please list: name, age, year of college graduation, school, degree and subject of each degree; email address, personal url, facebook id, twitter id; employer and title and time of employment (if any). Put unfinished degrees in parentheses. List the main contact first. Separate founders with blanks lines. Put an asterisk before the name of anyone not able to move to the Bay Area during the program.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 \cb1 Subhash, 30, 2001, NIT Trichy, BE(CS), 2006, UIUC, MCS; subhashgo@gmail.com, , subhashgo, subhashgo; Cisco (2001-2005), Amazon (2005), Google (2006)\
\
Shenuja, 31, 2001, Model Engineering College Kochi, BTech(Computer Engg); shenuja@gmail.com, , shenuja, shenuja; Cisco (2001-2005)
\fs24 \cf0 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Please tell us about the origins of your interest in the field of education. Describe any experience or expertise you have in K-12 education.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 We were always keeping track of changes in education as we wanted our son's experience to be better than ours. During this process, we were surprised to find out that teachers still used paper records and the internet was only thought of as a waste of time. Since we had been on the lookout for a promising space for building a webapp, this thought struck home and we wanted to make a webapp for schools. \
\
We brainstormed a couple of ideas in education, including a webapp for making notes from web pages and media. Shenuja worked with a friend (with Subhash contributing part-time) to make a prototype for implementing the CCE system for CBSE schools. But the real breakthrough was when we realized that any of these features will require a social communication platform beneath them. Thus was born Schoolarly.\
\
We have no direct experience in education but we have learnt a lot through Shenuja's father and sister who have taught in schools, many teacher-friends and some cousins still in school. We got sneak-peeks inside the educational processes while selecting a school to enroll our son in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Please tell us in a sentence or two about the most impressive thing other than this startup that each of the founders has built or achieved.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 When Subhash' doctor advised him to move out of Bangalore to avoid pollution, we had to give up our jobs in Google and Cisco. Since there we no software jobs in our small town, we created jobs for ourselves through consulting and drew salaries that were 4 times Google's.\
\
Shenuja paid for her high-school and college with the National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) scholarship. The exam was conducted to select 750 students from all over India for proficiency in science and mathematics.\
\
When he was 14, Subhash wrote a 10000 line Hangman game in a GW-BASIC program that could list only 10 lines of code at a time.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Please tell us about an interesting project, preferably outside of class or work, that two or more of you created together. Include URLs if possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 We wanted to use FogBugz within Eclipse and were disappointed to see that they didn't have a Mylyn connector. So we created Bugclipse, which could import FogBugz cases as Mylyn tasks and generate reports on them. We quickly wrapped it into a product with license management, online sales etc. to gauge the market. A few users were very excited, but the market for FogBugz-Eclipse integration was limited. But the experience gave us valuable insights into marketing and customer support.\
\
https://sites.google.com/a/bugclipse.com/www/main\
\
We also worked together on a CCE system for CBSE schools with a friend, which helped us get a lot of customer feedback\
\
http://schoolarly-old.heroku.com/  (login: gps@schoolarly.com, password: password)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * How long have the founders known one another and how did you meet? Have any of the founders not met in person?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf3 We have known each other for the past 10 years and have been married for almost 7 years. We will totally understand if you don't want to mediate cofounder disputes in our case :-)\
\
We met at our first jobs at Cisco Systems, Bangalore. We were part of a team developing a web-interfaced application for managing routers and switches.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 Tell us about your company/idea
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Company Name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Company URL, if any.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * What is your company going to make? Why did you pick this idea to work on?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * How do you know someone needs what you're making? Who are the intended users (e.g., parents, teachers, students)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * What is new about what you're making? What substitutes do people resort to because it doesn't exist yet (or they don't know about it)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Who are your competitors and who might become competitors? Who do you fear the most?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * What do you understand about education that other companies just don't get?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * How do you plan to distribute your product?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * How do or how will you make money? How much could you make? We realize you can't know precisely, but give your best estimate (rough estimates only, no spreadsheets).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 If you had any other ideas you considered applying with, please list them. One may be something we've been waiting for.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Tell us about your progress and future plans
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * If you've already started working on it, how long have you been working and about how many lines of code (if applicable) have you written?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * How far along are you? Do you have a beta yet? If not, when will you? Are you launched? If so how many users do you have? Do you have revenue? If you're launched, what is your monthly growth rate (in user and/or revenue)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 If you have an online demo, what's the url? (Please don't password protect it; just make it an obscure url.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * If you're not incorporated yet, please list the percent of the company you plan to give each founder, and anyone else you plan to give stock to (this question is as much for you as us).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * If we select you, which founders will commit to working exclusively on this project for the next year?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 For founders who can't, why not? What level of commitment are they willing to make?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Do any founders have any other commitments between June and September 2011 inclusive?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Do any founders have commitments in the future (e.g., finishing college, grad school), and if so what?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after Imagine K12?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Are any of the founders covered by noncompetes or intellectual property agreements that overlap with your project? Will any be working as employees or consultants for anyone else?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Are any of the following true? (a) You are the only founder (b) You are a student who may return to school when the next term starts (c) Half or more of your group can't move to the Bay Area (d) one or more founder will keep their current jobs (e) none of the founders are programmers.\
\
(Answering yes doesn't disqualify you, it's just to remind us to check.)
\b0\fs22 \cf3 \cb6 \
\
no\
yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 * Please tell us something surprising or amusing that one of you has discovered. (The answer need not be related to your project.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 *
\b0  Indicates Response Required\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 \
\'a0}